Data Aggregator documentation & release notes (#1008)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

This fix is included in Cloud Pack 2.8.5.

> #### 10 January 2023 - Enhancement - CoreGateway 2.12.0 - Support for new Data Aggregator DxM [ID_34903] [ID_35168] [ID_35217] [ID_35252]

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the naming conventions for DxMs are? I see here CoreGateway (without space) and SupportAssistant (without space) but Data Aggregator with a space? And SupportAssistant is prefixed with DataMiner and the others are not? Shouldn't all DxMs have consistent naming?

Author: Indeed, there is an inconsistency here. In principle we should only use the spelling without space when referring to the literal file name, whereas we should use the spelling with space when referring to the module in general (similar to how we mention "Log Collector" even though the corresponding file name is "SL_LogCollector").

> To support the new [Data Aggregator DxM](xref:DataAggregator_1.0.0), Core Gateway has been adjusted to be able to handle requests from Data Aggregator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To support the new [Data Aggregator DxM](xref:DataAggregator_1.0.0), CoreGateway has been adjusted to be able to handle requests from DataAggregator.
```

Reviewer 2: because all other dxms have been writen like this before
